but he had set an agent -- the boy, perhaps -- upon my track, and this
was his report. Possibly I had taken no step since I had been upon the
moor which had not been observed and reported. Always there was this
feeling of an unseen force, a fine net drawn round us with infinite
skill and delicacy, holding us so lightly that it was only at some
supreme moment that one realized that one was indeed-entangled in its
meshes. 

If there was one report there might be others, so I looked round the
hut in search of them. There was no trace, however, of anything of the
kind, nor could I discover any sign which might indicate the character
or intentions of the man who lived in this singular place, save that he
must be of Spartan habits and cared little for the comforts of life.
When I thought of the heavy rains and looked at the gaping roof I
understood how strong and immutable must be the purpose which had kept
him in that inhospitable abode. Was he our malignant enemy, or was he
by chance our guardian angel? I swore that I would not leave the hut
until I knew. 

Outside the sun was sinking low and the west was blazing with scarlet
and gold. Its reflection was shot back in ruddy patches by the distant
pools which lay amid the great Grimpen Mire. There were the two towers
of Baskerville Hall, and there a distant blur of smoke which marked the
village of Grimpen. Between the two, behind the hill, was the house of
the Stapletons. All was sweet and mellow and peaceful in the golden
evening light, and yet as I looked at them my soul shared none of the
peace of Nature but quivered at the vagueness and the terror of that
interview which every instant was bringing nearer. With tingling nerves
but a fixed purpose, I sat in the dark recess of the hut and waited
with sombre patience for the coming of its tenant. 

And then at last I heard him. Far away came the sharp clink of a boot
striking upon a stone. Then another and yet another, coming nearer and
nearer. I shrank back into the darkest corner and cocked the pistol in
my pocket, determined not to discover myself until I had an opportunity
of seeing something of the stranger. There was a long pause which
showed that he had stopped. Then once more the footsteps approached and
a shadow fell across the opening of the hut. 

"It is a lovely evening, my dear Watson," said a well-known voice. "I
really think that you will be more comfortable outside than in." 

        =======================================================

                           Death on the Moor.

For a moment or two I sat breathless, hardly able to believe my ears.
Then my senses and my voice came back to me, while a crushing weight of
responsibility seemed in an instant to be lifted from my soul. That
cold, incisive, ironical voice could belong to but one man in all the
world. 

"Holmes!" I cried -- "Holmes!" 

"Come out," said he, "and please be careful with the revolver." 

I stooped under the rude lintel, and there he sat upon a stone outside,
his gray eyes dancing with amusement as they fell upon my astonished
features. He was thin and worn, but clear and alert, his keen face
bronzed by the sun and roughened by the wind. In his tweed suit and
