
"Now, listen to me, Barrymore! I have no interest in this matter but
that of your master. I have come here with no object except to help
him. Tell me, frankly, what it is that you don't like." 

Barrymore hesitated for a moment, as if he regretted his outburst or
found it difficult to express his own feelings in words. 

"It's all these goings-on, sir," he cried at last, waving his hand
towards the rain-lashed window which faced the moor. "There's foul play
somewhere, and there's black villainy brewing, to that I'll swear! Very
glad I should be, sir, to see Sir Henry on his way back to London
again!" 

"But what is it that alarms you?" 

"Look at Sir Charles's death! That was bad enough, for all that the
coroner said. Look at the noises on the moor at night. There's not a
man would cross it after sundown if he was paid for it. Look at this
stranger hiding out yonder, and watching and waiting! What's he waiting
for? What does it mean? It means no good to anyone of the name of
Baskerville, and very glad I shall be to be quit of it all on the day
that Sir Henry's new servants are ready to take over the Hall." 

"But about this stranger," said I. "Can you tell me anything about him?
What did Selden say? Did he find out where he hid, or what he was
doing?" 

"He saw him once or twice, but he is a deep one and gives nothing away.
At first he thought that he was the police, but soon he found that he
had some lay of his own. A kind of gentleman he was, as far as he could
see, but what he was doing he could not make out." 

"And where did he say that he lived?" 

"Among the old houses on the hillside -- the stone huts where the old
folk used to live." 

"But how about his food?" 

"Selden found out that he has got a lad who works for him and brings
all he needs. I dare say he goes to Coombe Tracey for what he wants." 

"Very good, Barrymore. We may talk further of this some other time."
When the butler had gone I walked over to the black window, and I
looked through a blurred pane at the driving clouds and at the tossing
outline of the wind-swept trees. It is a wild night indoors, and what
must it be in a stone hut upon the moor. What passion of hatred can it
be which leads a man to lurk in such a place at such a time! And what
deep and earnest purpose can he have which calls for such a trial!
There, in that hut upon the moor, seems to lie the very centre of that
problem which has vexed me so sorely. I swear that another day shall
not have passed before I have done all that man can do to reach the
heart of the mystery. 

        =======================================================

                           The Man on the Tor.

The extract from my private diary which forms the last chapter has
