would be impossible to get him to move." 

"I cannot say anything definite, for I do not know anything definite." 

"I would ask you one more question, Miss Stapleton. If you meant no
more than this when you first spoke to me, why should you not wish your
brother to overhear what you said? There is nothing to which he, or
anyone else, could object." 

"My brother is very anxious to have the Hall inhabited, for he thinks
it is for the good of the poor folk upon the moor. He would be very
angry if he knew that I have said anything which might induce Sir Henry
to go away. But I have done my duty now and I will say no more. I must
go back, or he will miss me and suspect that I have seen you.
Good-bye!" She turned and had disappeared in a few minutes among the
scattered boulders, while I, with my soul full of vague fears, pursued
my way to Baskerville Hall. 

        =======================================================

                       First Report of Dr. Watson.

From this point onward I will follow the course of events by
transcribing my own letters to Mr. Sherlock Holmes which lie before me
on the table. One page is missing, but otherwise they are exactly as
written and show my feelings and suspicions of the moment more
accurately than my memory, clear as it is upon these tragic events, can
possibly do. Baskerville Hall, October 13th. My dear Holmes: 

My previous letters and telegrams have kept you pretty well up to date
as to all that has occurred in this most God-forsaken corner of the
world. The longer one stays here the more does the spirit of the moor
sink into one's soul, its vastness, and also its grim charm. When you
are once out upon its bosom you have left all traces of modern England
behind you, but, on the other hand, you are conscious everywhere of the
homes and the work of the prehistoric people. On all sides of you as
you walk are the houses of these forgotten folk, with their graves and
the huge monoliths which are supposed to have marked their temples. As
you look at their gray stone huts against the scarred hillsides you
leave your own age behind you, and if you were to see a skin-clad,
hairy man crawl out from the low door fitting a flint-tipped arrow on
to the string of his bow, you would feel that his presence there was
more natural than your own. The strange thing is that they should have
lived so thickly on what must always have been most unfruitful soil. I
am no antiquarian, but I could imagine that they were some unwarlike
and harried race who were forced to accept that which none other would
occupy. 

All this, however, is foreign to the mission on which you sent me and
will probably be very uninteresting to your severely practical mind. I
can still remember your complete indifference as to whether the sun
moved round the earth or the earth round the sun. Let me, therefore,
return to the facts concerning Sir Henry Baskerville. 

If you have not had any report within the last few days it is because
up to to-day there was nothing of importance to relate. Then a very
surprising circumstance occurred, which I shall tell you in due course.
But, first of all, I must keep you in touch with some of the other
factors in the situation. 

