which may have been love or may have been fear, or very possibly both,
since they are by no means incompatible emotions. It was, at least,
absolutely effective. At his command she consented to pass as his
sister, though he found the limits of his power over her when he
endeavoured to make her the direct accessory to murder. She was ready
to warn Sir Henry so far as she could without implicating her husband,
and again and again she tried to do so. Stapleton himself seems to have
been capable of jealousy, and when he saw the baronet paying court to
the lady, even though it was part of his own plan, still he could not
help interrupting with a passionate outburst which revealed the fiery
soul which his self-contained manner so cleverly concealed. By
encouraging the intimacy he made it certain that Sir Henry would
frequently come to Merripit House and that he would sooner or later get
the opportunity which he desired. On the day of the crisis, however,
his wife turned suddenly against him. She had learned something of the
death of the convict, and she knew that the hound was being kept in the
outhouse on the evening that Sir Henry was coming to dinner. She taxed
her husband with his intended crime, and a furious scene followed in
which he showed her for the first time that she had a rival in his
love. Her fidelity turned in an instant to bitter hatred, and he saw
that she would betray him. He tied her up, therefore, that she might
have no chance of warning Sir Henry, and he hoped, no doubt, that when
the whole countryside put down the baronet's death to the curse of his
family, as they certainly would do, he could win his wife back to
accept an accomplished fact and to keep silent upon what she knew. In
this I fancy that in any case he made a miscalculation, and that, if we
had not been there, his doom would none the less have been sealed. A
woman of Spanish blood does not condone such an injury so lightly. And
now, my dear Watson, without referring to my notes, I cannot give you a
more detailed account of this curious case. I do not know that anything
essential has been left unexplained." 

"He could not hope to frighten Sir Henry to death as he had done the
old uncle with his bogie hound." 

"The beast was savage and half-starved. If its appearance did not
frighten its victim to death, at least it would paralyze the resistance
which might be offered." 

"No doubt. There only remains one difficulty. If Stapleton came into
the succession, how could he explain the fact that he, the heir, had
been living unannounced under another name so close to the property?
How could he claim it without causing suspicion and inquiry?" 

"It is a formidable difficulty, and I fear that you ask too much when
you expect me to solve it. The past and the present are within the
field of my inquiry, but what a man may do in the future is a hard
question to answer. Mrs. Stapleton has heard her husband discuss the
problem on several occasions. There were three possible courses. He
might claim the property from South America, establish his identity
before the British authorities there and so obtain the fortune without
ever coming to England at all, or he might adopt an elaborate disguise
during the short time that he need be in London; or, again, he might
furnish an accomplice with the proofs and papers, putting him in as
heir, and retaining a claim upon some proportion of his income. We
cannot doubt from what we know of him that he would have found some way
out of the difficulty. And now, my dear Watson, we have had some weeks
of severe work, and for one evening, I think, we may turn our thoughts
into more pleasant channels. I have a box for "Les Huguenots." Have you
heard the De Reszkes? Might I trouble you then to be ready in half an
hour, and we can stop at Marcini's for a little dinner on the way?" 

        =======================================================
