line of ancestors, in every variety of dress, from the Elizabethan
knight to the buck of the Regency, stared down upon us and daunted us
by their silent company. We talked little, and I for one was glad when
the meal was over and we were able to retire into the modern
billiard-room and smoke a cigarette. 

"My word, it isn't a very cheerful place," said Sir Henry. "I suppose
one can tone down to it, but I feel a bit out of the picture at
present. I don't wonder that my uncle got a little jumpy if he lived
all alone in such a house as this. However, if it suits you, we will
retire early to-night, and perhaps things may seem more cheerful in the
morning." 

I drew aside my curtains before I went to bed and looked out from my
window. It opened upon the grassy space which lay in front of the hall
door. Beyond, two copses of trees moaned and swung in a rising wind. A
half moon broke through the rifts of racing clouds. In its cold light I
saw beyond the trees a broken fringe of rocks, and the long, low curve
of the melancholy moor. I closed the curtain, feeling that my last
impression was in keeping with the rest. 

And yet it was not quite the last. I found myself weary and yet
wakeful, tossing restlessly from side to side, seeking for the sleep
which would not come. Far away a chiming clock struck out the quarters
of the hours, but otherwise a deathly silence lay upon the old house.
And then suddenly, in the very dead of the night, there came a sound to
my ears, clear, resonant, and unmistakable. It was the sob of a woman,
the muffled, strangling gasp of one who is torn by an uncontrollable
sorrow. I sat up in bed and listened intently. The noise could not have
been far away and was certainly in the house. For half an hour I waited
with every nerve on the alert, but there came no other sound save the
chiming clock and the rustle of the ivy on the wall. 

        =======================================================

                    The Stapletons of Merripit House.

The fresh beauty of the following morning did something to efface from
our minds the grim and gray impression which had been left upon both of
us by our first experience of Baskerville Hall. As Sir Henry and I sat
at breakfast the sunlight flooded in through the high mullioned
windows, throwing watery patches of colour from the coats of arms which
covered them. The dark panelling glowed like bronze in the golden rays,
and it was hard to realize that this was indeed the chamber which had
struck such a gloom into our souls upon the evening before. 

"I guess it is ourselves and not the house that we have to blame!" said
the baronet. "We were tired with our journey and chilled by our drive,
so we took a gray view of the place. Now we are fresh and well, so it
is all cheerful once more." 

"And yet it was not entirely a question of imagination," I answered.
"Did you, for example, happen to hear someone, a woman I think, sobbing
in the night?" 

"That is curious, for I did when I was half asleep fancy that I heard
something of the sort. I waited quite a time, but there was no more of
it, so I concluded that it was all a dream." 

"I heard it distinctly, and I am sure that it was really the sob of a
