able to throw some light upon this also. Best of all would it be if you
could come down to us. In any case you will hear from me again in the
course of the next few days. 

        =======================================================

                  Extract from the Diary of Dr. Watson.

So far I have been able to quote from the reports which I have
forwarded during these early days to Sherlock Holmes. Now, however, I
have arrived at a point in my narrative where I am compelled to abandon
this method and to trust once more to my recollections, aided by the
diary which I kept at the time. A few extracts from the latter will
carry me on to those scenes which are indelibly fixed in every detail
upon my memory. I proceed, then, from the morning which followed our
abortive chase of the convict and our other strange experiences upon
the moor. 

October 16th. A dull and foggy day with a drizzle of rain. The house is
banked in with rolling clouds, which rise now and then to show the
dreary curves of the moor, with thin, silver veins upon the sides of
the hills, and the distant boulders gleaming where the light strikes
upon their wet faces. It is melancholy outside and in. The baronet is
in a black reaction after the excitements of the night. I am conscious
myself of a weight at my heart and a feeling of impending danger --
ever present danger, which is the more terrible because I am unable to
define it. 

And have I not cause for such a feeling? Consider the long sequence of
incidents which have all pointed to some sinister influence which is at
work around us. There is the death of the last occupant of the Hall,
fulfilling so exactly the conditions of the family legend, and there
are the repeated reports from peasants of the appearance of a strange
creature upon the moor. Twice I have with my own ears heard the sound
which resembled the distant baying of a hound. It is incredible,
impossible, that it should really be outside the ordinary laws of
nature. A spectral hound which leaves material footmarks and fills the
air with its howling is surely not to be thought of. Stapleton may fall
in with such a superstition, and Mortimer also, but if I have one
quality upon earth it is common sense, and nothing will persuade me to
believe in such a thing. To do so would be to descend to the level of
these poor peasants, who are not content with a mere fiend dog but must
needs describe him with hell-fire shooting from his mouth and eyes.
Holmes would not listen to such fancies, and I am his agent. But facts
are facts, and I have twice heard this crying upon the moor. Suppose
that there were really some huge hound loose upon it; that would go far
to explain everything. But where could such a hound lie concealed,
where did it get its food, where did it come from, how was it that no
one saw it by day? It must be confessed that the natural explanation
offers almost as many difficulties as the other. And always, apart from
the hound, there is the fact of the human agency in London, the man in
the cab, and the letter which warned Sir Henry against the moor. This
at least was real, but it might have been the work of a protecting
friend as easily as of an enemy. Where is that friend or enemy now? Has
he remained in London, or has he followed us down here? Could he --
could he be the stranger whom I saw upon the tor? 

It is true that I have had only the one glance at him, and yet there
are some things to which I am ready to swear. He is no one whom I have
seen down here, and I have now met all the neighbours. The figure was
