"About what?" 

"About sending you. It's an ugly business, Watson, an ugly dangerous
business, and the more I see of it the less I like it. Yes my dear
fellow, you may laugh, but I give you my word that I shall be very glad
to have you back safe and sound in Baker Street once more." 

        =======================================================

                            Baskerville Hall.

Sir Henry Baskerville and Dr. Mortimer were ready upon the appointed
day, and we started as arranged for Devonshire. Mr. Sherlock Holmes
drove with me to the station and gave me his last parting injunctions
and advice. 

"I will not bias your mind by suggesting theories or suspicions,
Watson," said he; "I wish you simply to report facts in the fullest
possible manner to me, and you can leave me to do the theorizing." 

"What sort of facts?" I asked. 

"Anything which may seem to have a bearing however indirect upon the
case, and especially the relations between young Baskerville and his
neighbours or any fresh particulars concerning the death of Sir
Charles. I have made some inquiries myself in the last few days, but
the results have, I fear, been negative. One thing only appears to be
certain, and that is that Mr. James Desmond, who is the next heir, is
an elderly gentleman of a very amiable disposition, so that this
persecution does not arise from him. I really think that we may
eliminate him entirely from our calculations. There remain the people
who will actually surround Sir Henry Baskerville upon the moor." 

"Would it not be well in the first place to get rid off this Barrymore
couple?" 

"By no means. You could not make a greater mistake. If they are
innocent it would be a cruel injustice, and if they are guilty we
should be giving up all chance of bringing it home to them. No, no, we
will preserve them upon our list of suspects. Then there is a groom at
the Hall, if I remember right. There are two moorland farmers. There is
our friend Dr. Mortimer, whom I believe to be entirely honest, and
there is his wife, of whom we know nothing. There is this naturalist,
Stapleton, and there is his sister, who is said to be a young lady of
attractions. There is Mr. Frankland, of Lafter Hall, who is also an
unknown factor, and there are one or two other neighbours. These are
the folk who must be your very special study." 

"I will do my best." 

"You have arms, I suppose?" 

"Yes, I thought it as well to take them." 

"Most certainly. Keep your revolver near you night and day, and never
relax your precautions." 

Our friends had already secured a first-class carriage and were waiting
for us upon the platform. 

