
"How can you say that?" 

"I am presuming that the cause of his fears came to him across the
moor. If that were so, and it seems most probable only a man who had
lost his wits would have run from the house instead of towards it. If
the gipsy's evidence may be taken as true, he ran with cries for help
in the direction where help was least likely to be. Then, again, whom
was he waiting for that night, and why was he waiting for him in the
yew alley rather than in his own house?" 

"You think that he was waiting for someone?" 

"The man was elderly and infirm. We can understand his taking an
evening stroll, but the ground was damp and the night inclement. Is it
natural that he should stand for five or ten minutes, as Dr. Mortimer,
with more practical sense than I should have given him credit for,
deduced from the cigar ash?" 

"But he went out every evening." 

"I think it unlikely that he waited at the moor-gate every evening. On
the contrary, the evidence is that he avoided the moor. That night he
waited there. It was the night before he made his departure for London.
The thing takes shape, Watson. It becomes coherent. Might I ask you to
hand me my violin, and we will postpone all further thought upon this
business until we have had the advantage of meeting Dr. Mortimer and
Sir Henry Baskerville in the morning." 

        =======================================================

                         Sir Henry Baskerville.

Our breakfast table was cleared early, and Holmes waited in his
dressing-gown for the promised interview. Our clients were punctual to
their appointment, for the clock had just struck ten when Dr. Mortimer
was shown up, followed by the young baronet. The latter was a small,
alert, dark-eyed man about thirty years of age, very sturdily built,
with thick black eyebrows and a strong, pugnacious face. He wore a
ruddy-tinted tweed suit and had the weather-beaten appearance of one
who has spent most of his time in the open air, and yet there was
something in his steady eye and the quiet assurance of his bearing
which indicated the gentleman. 

"This is Sir Henry Baskerville," said Dr. Mortimer. 

"Why, yes," said he, "and the strange thing is, Mr. Sherlock Holmes,
that if my friend here had not proposed coming round to you this
morning I should have come on my own account. I understand that you
think out little puzzles, and I've had one this morning which wants
more thinking out than I am able to give it." 

"Pray take a seat, Sir Henry. Do I understand you to say that you have
yourself had some remarkable experience since you arrived in London?" 

"Nothing of much importance, Mr. Holmes. Only a joke, as like as not.
It was this letter, if you can call it a letter, which reached me this
morning." 

He laid an envelope upon the table, and we all bent over it. It was of
