it only remains for us to find out by wire the identity of the cabman,
No. 2704, and then we will drop into one of the Bond Street picture
galleries and fill in the time until we are due at the hotel." 

        =======================================================

                          Three Broken Threads.

Sherlock Holmes had, in a very remarkable degree, the power of
detaching his mind at will. For two hours the strange business in which
we had been involved appeared to be forgotten, and he was entirely
absorbed in the pictures of the modern Belgian masters. He would talk
of nothing but art, of which he had the crudest ideas, from our leaving
the gallery until we found ourselves at the Northumberland Hotel. 

"Sir Henry Baskerville is upstairs expecting you," said the clerk. "He
asked me to show you up at once when you came." 

"Have you any objection to my looking at your register?" said Holmes. 

"Not in the least." 

The book showed that two names had been added after that of
Baskerville. One was Theophilus Johnson and family, of Newcastle; the
other Mrs. Oldmore and maid, of High Lodge, Alton. 

"Surely that must be the same Johnson whom I used to know," said Holmes
to the porter. "A lawyer, is he not, gray-headed, and walks with a
limp?" 

"No, sir, this is Mr. Johnson, the coal-owner, a very active gentleman,
not older than yourself." 

"Surely you are mistaken about his trade?" 

"No, sir! he has used this hotel for many years, and he is very well
known to us." 

"Ah, that settles it. Mrs. Oldmore, too; I seem to remember the name.
Excuse my curiosity, but often in calling upon one friend one finds
another." 

"She is an invalid lady, sir. Her husband was once mayor of Gloucester.
She always comes to us when she is in town." 

"Thank you; I am afraid I cannot claim her acquaintance. We have
established a most important fact by these questions, Watson," he
continued in a low voice as we went upstairs together. "We know now
that the people who are so interested in our friend have not settled
down in his own hotel. That means that while they are, as we have seen,
very anxious to watch him, they are equally anxious that he should not
see them. Now, this is a most suggestive fact." 

"What does it suggest?" 

"It suggests -- halloa, my dear fellow, what on earth is the matter?" 

As we came round the top of the stairs we had run up against Sir Henry
Baskerville himself. His face was flushed with anger, and he held an
old and dusty boot in one of his hands. So furious was he that he was
