
"Our case becomes rounded off, and difficulty after difficulty thins
away in front of us," said Holmes as we stood waiting for the arrival
of the express from town. "I shall soon be in the position of being
able to put into a single connected narrative one of the most singular
and sensational crimes of modern times. Students of criminology will
remember the analogous incidents in Godno, in Little Russia, in the
year '66, and of course there are the Anderson murders in North
Carolina, but this case possesses some features which are entirely its
own. Even now we have no clear case against this very wily man. But I
shall be very much surprised if it is not clear enough before we go to
bed this night." 

The London express came roaring into the station, and a small, wiry
bulldog of a man had sprung from a first-class carriage. We all three
shook hands, and I saw at once from the reverential way in which
Lestrade gazed at my companion that he had learned a good deal since
the days when they had first worked together. I could well remember the
scorn which the theories of the reasoner used then to excite in the
practical man. 

"Anything good?" he asked. 

"The biggest thing for years," said Holmes. "We have two hours before
we need think of starting. I think we might employ it in getting some
dinner and then, Lestrade, we will take the London fog out of your
throat by giving you a breath of the pure night air of Dartmoor. Never
been there? Ah, well, I don't suppose you will forget your first
visit." 

        =======================================================

                     The Hound of the Baskervilles.

One of Sherlock Holmes's defects -- if, indeed, one may call it a
defect -- was that he was exceedingly loath to communicate his full
plans to any other person until the instant of their fullfilment.
Partly it came no doubt from his own masterful nature, which loved to
dominate and surprise those who were around him. Partly also from his
professional caution, which urged him never to take any chances. The
result, however, was very trying for those who were acting as his
agents and assistants. I had often suffered under it, but never more so
than during that long drive in the darkness. The great ordeal was in
front of us; at last we were about to make our final effort, and yet
Holmes had said nothing, and I could only surmise what his course of
action would be. My nerves thrilled with anticipation when at last the
cold wind upon our faces and the dark, void spaces on either side of
the narrow road told me that we were back upon the moor once again.
Every stride of the horses and every turn of the wheels was taking us
nearer to our supreme adventure. 

Our conversation was hampered by the presence of the driver of the
hired wagonette, so that we were forced to talk of trivial matters when
our nerves were tense with emotion and anticipation. It was a relief to
me, after that unnatural restraint, when we at last passed Frankland's
house and knew that we were drawing near to the Hall and to the scene
of action. We did not drive up to the door but got down near the gate
of the avenue. The wagonette was paid off and ordered to return to
Coombe Tracey forthwith, while we started to walk to Merripit House. 

