told me that it was Barrymore. He walked very slowly and circumspectly,
and there was something indescribably guilty and furtive in his whole
appearance. 

I have told you that the corridor is broken by the balcony which runs
round the hall, but that it is resumed upon the farther side. I waited
until he had passed out of sight and then I followed him. When I came
round the balcony he had reached the end of the farther corridor, and I
could see from the glimmer of light through an open door that he had
entered one of the rooms. Now, all these rooms are unfurnished and
unoccupied so that his expedition became more mysterious than ever. The
light shone steadily as if he were standing motionless. I crept down
the passage as noiselessly as I could and peeped round the corner of
the door. 

Barrymore was crouching at the window with the candle held against the
glass. His profile was half turned towards me, and his face seemed to
be rigid with expectation as he stared out into the blackness of the
moor. For some minutes he stood watching intently. Then he gave a deep
groan and with an impatient gesture he put out the light. Instantly I
made my way back to my room, and very shortly came the stealthy steps
passing once more upon their return journey. Long afterwards when I had
fallen into a light sleep I heard a key turn somewhere in a lock, but I
could not tell whence the sound came. What it all means I cannot guess,
but there is some secret business going on in this house of gloom which
sooner or later we shall get to the bottom of. I do not trouble you
with my theories, for you asked me to furnish you only with facts. I
have had a long talk with Sir Henry this morning, and we have made a
plan of campaign founded upon my observations of last night. I will not
speak about it just now, but it should make my next report interesting
reading. 

        =======================================================

                      Second Report of Dr. Watson.

THE LIGHT UPON THE MOOR Baskerville Hall, Oct. 15th. MY DEAR HOLMES: 

If I was compelled to leave you without much news during the early days
of my mission you must acknowledge that I am making up for lost time,
and that events are now crowding thick and fast upon us. In my last
report I ended upon my top note with Barrymore at the window, and now I
have quite a budget already which will, unless I am much mistaken,
considerably surprise you. Things have taken a turn which I could not
have anticipated. In some ways they have within the last forty-eight
hours become much clearer and in some ways they have become more
complicated. But I will tell you all and you shall judge for yourself. 

Before breakfast on the morning following my adventure I went down the
corridor and examined the room in which Barrymore had been on the-night
before. The western window through which he had stared so intently has,
I noticed, one peculiarity above all other windows in the house -- it
commands the nearest outlook on to the moor. There is an opening
between two trees which enables one from this point of view to look
right down upon it, while from all the other windows it is only a
distant glimpse which can be obtained. It follows, therefore, that
Barrymore, since only this window would serve the purpose, must have
been looking out for something or somebody upon the moor. The night was
very dark, so that I can hardly imagine how he could have hoped to see
anyone. It had struck me that it was possible that some love intrigue
