the original is available, would be an ornament to any anthropological
museum. It is not my intention to be fulsome, but I confess that I
covet your skull." 

Sherlock Holmes waved our strange visitor into a chair. "You are an
enthusiast in your line of thought, I perceive, sir, as I am in mine,"
said he. "I observe from your forefinger that you make your own
cigarettes. Have no hesitation in lighting one." 

The man drew out paper and tobacco and twirled the one up in the other
with surprising dexterity. He had long, quivering fingers as agile and
restless as the antennae of an insect. 

Holmes was silent, but his little darting glances showed me the
interest which he took in our curious companion. 

"I presume, sir," said he at last, "that it was not merely for the
purpose of examining my skull that you have done me the honour to call
here last night and again to-day?" 

"No, sir, no; though I am happy to have had the opportunity of doing
that as well. I came to you, Mr. Holmes, because I recognized that I am
myself an unpractical man and because I am suddenly confronted with a
most serious and extraordinary problem. Recognizing, as I do, that you
are the second highest expert in Europe -- " 

"Indeed, sir! May I inquire who has the honour to be the first?" asked
Holmes with some asperity. 

"To the man of precisely scientific mind the work of Monsieur Bertillon
must always appeal strongly." 

"Then had you not better consult him?" 

"I said, sir, to the precisely scientific mind. But as a practical man
of affairs it is acknowledged that you stand alone. I trust, sir, that
I have not inadvertently -- " 

"Just a little," said Holmes. "I think, Dr. Mortimer, you would do
wisely if without more ado you would kindly tell me plainly what the
exact nature of the problem is in which you demand my assistance." 

        =======================================================

                     The Curse of the Baskervilles.

"I have in my pocket a manuscript," said Dr. James Mortimer. 

"I observed it as you entered the room," said Holmes. 

"It is an old manuscript." 

"Early eighteenth century, unless it is a forgery." 

"How can you say that, sir?" 

"You have presented an inch or two of it to my examination all the time
that you have been talking. It would be a poor expert who could not
give the date of a document within a decade or so. You may possibly
have read my little monograph upon the subject. I put that at 1730." 
