Mr. Sherlock Holmes?" 

My friend bowed his compliments. 

"You are quick at identification," said he. 

"We have been expecting you in these parts since Dr. Watson came down.
You are in time to see a tragedy." 

"Yes, indeed. I have no doubt that my friend's explanation will cover
the facts. I will take an unpleasant remembrance back to London with me
to-morrow." 

"Oh, you return to-morrow?" 

"That is my intention." 

"I hope your visit has cast some light upon those occurrences which
have puzzled us?" 

Holmes shrugged his shoulders. 

"One cannot always have the success for which one hopes. An
investigator needs facts and not legends or rumours. It has not been a
satisfactory case." 

My friend spoke in his frankest and most unconcerned manner. Stapleton
still looked hard at him. Then he turned to me. 

"I would suggest carrying this poor fellow to my house, but it would
give my sister such a fright that I do not feel justified in doing it.
I think that if we put something over his face he will be safe until
morning." 

And so it was arranged. Resisting Stapleton's offer of hospitality,
Holmes and I set off to Baskerville Hall, leaving the naturalist to
return alone. Looking back we saw the figure moving slowly away over
the broad moor, and behind him that one black smudge on the silvered
slope which showed where the man was lying who had come so horribly to
his end. 

        =======================================================

                            Fixing the Nets.

"We're at close grips at last," said Holmes as we walked together
across the moor. "What a nerve the fellow has! How he pulled himself
together in the face of what must have been a paralyzing shock when he
found that the wrong man had fallen a victim to his plot. I told you in
London, Watson, and I tell you now again, that we have never had a
foeman more worthy of our steel." 

"I am sorry that he has seen you." 

"And so was I at first. But there was no getting out of it." 

"What effect do you think it will have upon his plans now that he knows
you are here?" 

"It may cause him to be more cautious, or it may drive him to desperate
